Howdy Folks and welcome to my inbox
where I'm showing you a message from a
friend longtime friend januca fiorelli
this is be I'm showing you this because
a couple of weeks ago I put up a video
about uh how one could appear in large
language models and AI tools which was
insanely popular in my opinion a little
more popular than it had any right to be
I actually think Pinterest or Reddit um
are are bigger sources than AI tools
right now but it it doesn't matter
because a lot of folks are very
interested in getting into AI tools and
John Luca showed me this case study of
how he got one of his clients into a
bunch of large language models and AI
tools and citations and AI overviews I
think it pays to understand how he did
it and he gave me permission to share
this publicly uh as did his client so
he's he's showing that you can see the
First Source cited for an informational
query which is this what is voltage
rating and then in the AI overview when
you when you click on the link and are
looking for that this tratos group is
number one they are the first one up
there how much traffic that sends hard
to know but the information that they
want to convey is what's being conveyed
and I think this is the power of being
in AI overviews or large language models
it's zero click marketing you don't need
a click to have influence and that's
what Johan LCA and tratos are doing here
and then because he was able to get this
but by the way he was able to get this
not through digital PR I don't know if
you read this part but the budget does
not allow for fancy digital PR campaigns
even if that's a good practice so the
strategy we follow is on Crafting
content they've essentially taken a
powerful website that has lots of
influence and is already authoritative
in this space and Jean LCA has uh
carefully crafted exactly the words and
phrases needed in order to be cited here
and he did that through entity
associations right the words that should
come after and around other words and uh
looking for you know meaning
associations looking for how people type
their questions sort of classic keyword
research all that kind of stuff so this
is a content-based effort that Jean LCA
has correctly and and very impressively
gotten into all of these different
places so he's showing off right not
only the AI overviews but because it's
in there they know tros is able to
reverse engineer what they're pulling
from there and then they can change that
on the fly when they want to this also
means of course that it's in Gemini
which is great and in chat GPT which you
can see over here they're the the second
one behind a.gov link as the citation
for how chat GPT knows this information
no doubt helps to be ranking so highly
in Google and have an authoritative
website and also in perplexity as well
so you know he he points out the only
one that uh doesn't that they're not
currently in is the the Bing AI answer
but I think this is incredibly
impressive work I think it's a it's a
road map for many folks who worry hey do
I have to do PR in order to get into
these Ai overviews and chat GPT and
perplexity and all these llm answers and
the answer is not necessarily especially
if you have a big powerful site that's
authoritative in its field already you
can potentially do what John Luke has
done and invest in the right kind of
content phrase the right way and reverse
engineer your way to impressive
visibility through these tools